said
about why must I do this why does Ops do
this why
sucks Galaxy squid said what OBS do it
quits after it stops transmitting things
after a few
hours evil says evil
let me get the
uh while stream's coming back let me get
the uh you all see this
third third times a
charm just waiting for one to get back
B said welcome back
rut y'all see
this you'll see
this squid said I can't
see yeah I
know thanks
open soundboard and
then oh it should be
normalized there we go
there we go it's on the soundboard now
radioactive
sounds
[Music]
this wow
nice Dy said okay okay see this
[Music]
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
be so quiet this is this is going to be
a nightmare for everything we really
like it I'm glad you like
it come on up this
way I'm going to the grocery store no
we're going to The Kills
Hold Up Hold definitely murph's I say we
deal with them from here you take one
I'll take the other why do I always
got good
job we must be close now let's stop and
have a look from the top of this hill
there
come
on
okay let's see what's going
on that's the stage coach we
missing
Jesus they must be in the
cave all right right let's get on with
this so they do it goofy style okay what
you think I'm going to head into the
cave or flush them out with
dynamite
um now he said
good I surprised them in
there okay let's get a little closer
ready let's get the this over
with why don't I ever have my
[Music]
shotgun see that someone's coming out of
the
cave I'll keep watch you deal with that
one in the entrance quietly
in the entrance to the cave you see
[Music]
him
hey
here looks like it's on there Charles
[Music]
I just found
it come back damn
[Music]
it I want you get
[Applause]
[Music]
on why they still standing for cross
sex okay you were wrong about these
crazy sons of
[Music]
[__] someone's down her she's alive
got
[Applause]
[Music]
us not better
go move
go away from
[Music]
this got back up in that
help Char you see any more not for now
come on let's get that poor girl out of
the cave
[Music]
no it's okay it's
okay you're safe
okay come on it's time to
go it's
okay
okay let's
go where you from ansburg
what do we do with her you take her
there and I'll go get the others
sure
miss you okay to ride on my horse a
little I'll keep you
safe go through the
horse Anish Bird right yes they
the the
um it's okay miss the others they they
killed them you're safe now just try to
breathe they're
animals I
know it's all right
Miss why would they
some folks is just evil ain't no point
trying to explain
it I haven't slept in
days I know what's your name Miss it's
okay Meredith you're going to be home
soon Meredith and this will all be
over thank you where in annesburg
one of the mining Cottages
um if you get me to the main street I
can show you from there okay just try to
relax
now
yeah yeah good
girl there girl
[Music]
wait there's a condition what if your
hands are in terrible
condition for this ride I will not do a
Ford
150 you're okay girl my horse
[Music]
yeah just head for the Main Street it'll
be easier to walk from there
[Music]
all right
yes here
oh thank
God which place is yours up at the top
of the hill it's near the blacksmith
come moment mom mom
Meredith she's alive oh she's alive you
saw some pretty bad things I'm afraid
man Murphy brw got oh my God how did you
manage I just ran into them and found
her oh thank you here let me give you
this all that that's okay man' you just
keep her warm and keep her safe
Mrs death oh no you leave me alone you
just leave me
alone thanks
buddy what is going
on I know why she hates him but
[Music]
how you get on okay found a girl took
her home oh you and M could find
anything maybe I think maybe I found our
old friend Mr Cornwall you did yeah he's
buying a steak in the mine in anisur
relentlessly ambitious fell in Mike and
I'll sniff about see if he knows we're
here and exactly what his plans are so
dor did you miss me I found her drunk as
sand Denise you're back how Jolly Miss o
it's funny you suuck as [__] back and
drunk the master the Lord God Almighty
calm down I won't be ignored do
vanderlin I am him I ain't her I
St Cal you don't ow me nor I don't knowe
you northan noran okay I'm spit in your
eye I did I told them I'm sorry yeah I
told them I tell them again now I've got
God's here you told who what Mr Milton
and Mr Ross about to bank Roby and I
wanted them to kill you you did what I
loved you you goddamn B going shoot me
crazy she ain't worth it you told on me
you betrayed
me just calm down Arthur she's a fool
get her out of you you know the rules
not so big now are we your majesty you
Dam she knew the rules Arthur what the
hell is wrong with you Mr Pearson Mr
Williamson get this body out of here and
get it burnt okay now get back to work
all of you quit your Lolly gagging all
right get back to work CH sets
o synth music
okay okay okay
[Music]
squid said oh dear
great you're a nasty woman Miss CR nasty
woman you think I wanted to shoot her
you seemed to like it I saw that Bey
look in your eyes you're drunk again and
you're a [__] murderer she broke the
rules she did no such thing she was in
love you sour faed Old Crow godamn you
murderer murderer
you okay what is happening to us just
make this place work Pearson for
now it'll be okay
stous okay they shot mly and look at
this place it'll be okay
another day I'm worried about you no go
away Arthur okay just want make sure
you're all
right you okay Tilly Molly got what she
deserved nearly got us all
killed y you knew the
rules okay catch you later then
what's all
this I am curious about that I'm going
to do this and then I'll probably end
stream after
that what what are
you
okay don't know how many more mornings
take
easy whoa
now it's all right
girl easy it's
okay
Arthur yes ah long
day just a little head injury in the
morning is a treat
squid said the faithful
stew the faithful
stew okay I
will I will
do I will do this
one long time girl and then I'll end the
stream not bad
girl okay
girl y
[Music]
I
I don't know that's how you change
this
easy are you the man
[Music]
um I got some medicine
no F more morning in
partner sure dud squid said excuse me
what was that yeah oh you
know here we
[Music]
go he's pass medicine he's passed
away Sid said we do a little trolling I
know all day long
[Music]
get up
yeah good
girl there girl
I said hell even a blind hog finds an
acorn every once in a
while hey you want company boys sure
this is down go away just go away I'm
sorry I'm really sorry but
well well you're sorry yeah I heard
you but I
mean Well
I this country is Man Unleashed that's
the thing and it ain't my fault anymore
than is anyone else Unleashed then
unleash goodness not just hell's feeble
Brothers sir but how I mean all I know
how to do is fight I guess I was set
free to fight
where's your son Mrs down oh where you
think down the mine until he gets sick
which won't be long given how hard they
work him see Forman don't lag him so he
gets the worst of it maybe I could go
well maybe you could just leave us all
alone
maybe maybe you could just go fight some
other battle
go to the
mine Ser me
Albert Ser me
Albert yeah okay
[Music]
yeah you're all right
girl hey
boy hey boy your
mom's oh your mou's a horn that's a
goddamn F hey anybody want to get lucky
tonight go home here with
Archie be quiet please oh boy come on
we're just teasing there nothing wrong
with being a [__] can she get me a why
don't you shut up oh all right who's
this your daddy my daddy died and this
man he killed him what are you doing
here leave the boy alone why'd you kill
his daddy you after his
mama stop bullying the boy get out of my
business Mister leave the boy alone or
what or I'll kill you too you couldn't
kill no one look at you all ragged and
sick and weak clear off you goddamn
hermit clear off you and the horse son
here oh can't even fight your own
battles Downs take your hands off
me you ain't going to leave here it's my
fault you made the boy a
bastard now who's next let the boy I go
let him
go come with me shame on you he's just a
goddamn
boy let's get you out of here they're
going to kill me now I got no job and
they're going to kill me I've got some
money you and your mama can go someplace
nice why are you doing this I don't know
listen take this all of it try and talk
to your mama and get out of here now run
I'll try good boy I don't want to see
you here again
where' they go
you can go in the mine
oh does
he
okay I will save here
and uh say thank you for coming to the
stream and eating everything out of my
fridge D said that was gaming that was
gaming uh and it's all Love U something
this something that
[Music]
[Applause]
Chad said help him trapped she's keeping
the hostage
help I'm not you're fine you're
[Music]
fine you're fine